# Meeting Agenda

Group: 17E
\
Date: 2021-10-01
\
Chair: Eimer Ahlstedt
\
Participants:
Eimer Ahlstedt
Sebastian Kvald√©n
Emil Lindblad
Timothy Nilsson
Erik Larsson



## Objectives

- Get everyone up to speed
- New tasks for those who need it
- RAD/SDD


## Reports from previous meeting

- Most of the spoken of refacotring has been done.


## Discussion items

- We need to bring RAD/SDD documents up to speed.
- Many of us have had some issues with GitHub/Travis, but these issues are resolved, for now.
- Test class for CreateAccountController has issues due to JavaFX being the way it is. thx fx very cool


## Outcomes and assignments

#### Outcomes:

- Next meeting shall be fully dedicated to RAD/SDD.
- All branches are merged and master was updated with the latest and hottest software known mankind :)
- Last refacotring work has been made.

#### Assignments:
- Sebastian will refactor User into a separate controller.
- Emil will fix Sebastians button and more work on form validation, fix so that listings are saved.
- Timothy will improve browsing interface.
- Erik will lay the final touches regarding the booking system, and add GUI.
- Eimer will come up with something to do, as well as add polish and minor refacotring to previous work.

## Wrap up

- Next meeting monday at 09:00, punched and done
