# Meeting Agenda

Group: 17E
\
Date: 2021-09-16
\
Chair: Emil Lindblad
\
Participants: Timothy Nilsson, Eimer Alhstedt, Sebastian Kvaldén, Erik Larsson



## Objectives

- Resolve any issues preventing the team to continue.
- Short clear descriptions.

- Create user stories and subtasks together
- Plan for merging and creation of class that connects everything so far


## Reports from previous meeting

- Refactoring of Javafx things are done (Timothy).
- Basic user handling is in place. (Kvalle)
- Structure for Listing is also in place. (Emil)
- JSON implementation has been tested and ready for implementation. (Erik)


## Discussion items

- Summurize everything we have done so far and work from there.
- Create pull requests.
- Wait with merging database integration and get everything working without saving.
- How should we distribute work?
- In what order should we do things?

## Outcomes and assignments

#### Outcomes:

- Pull requests and merging went very smoothly.
- Starting to work on database classes and methods.

- Proposed "order of features":
    1. User login and "book" a dummy hardcoded product
    2. Browse real products
    3. Add product
    4. Dummy booking of product
    5. Real booking, request to book. Owner of product has to accept
    6. Payment

#### Assignments:

- Sebastian will continue with implementing users, writing tests and documentation.
- Emil will create a handler for Listing, aswell as test and documentation.
- Erik will work on a class for databases.
- Eimer and Timothy will create controllers and start to connect gui with handlers.


## Wrap up

- Still a bit unclear how to write user stories that are easily distributed in the group.
