# Meeting Agenda

Group: 17E
\
Date: 2021-10-14
\
Chair: Sebastian Kvald√©n
\
Participants: Emil Lindblad, Eimer Ahlsted, Timothy Nilsson, Erik Larsson



## Objectives

- Peer review
- Usage of UserID and connected classes.
- Dependecies


## Reports from previous meeting

- Good workflow


## Discussion items

- Disscussion about refractoring and usage of User/listingID.
- Discussions about GUI fixes to make the program more user friendly.


## Outcomes and assignments

#### Outcomes:

- Finnishing tocuhes to be made before booking-function is enabled
- Fix images and layout of browse-side
- Final touches on search-function

#### Assignments:
Timothy will add images, and do final check on peer review.
Emil fixes datastructure in Listings from list to HashMap.
Eimer creates Gui For bookings and lstings.
Sebastian will finish the search engine and add categories.

## Wrap up
- Applicatoin to be finnished next wednesday
- Next meeting 2021-10-18
