# Meeting Agenda

Group: 17E
\
Date: 2021-10-12
\
Chair: Timothy Nilsson
\
Participants: Eimer Ahlstedt Sebastian Kvald√©n Emil Lindblad Timothy Nilsson Erik Larsson 


## Objectives

- Status on Peer review
- Plan for finishing the application

## Reports from previous meeting

Everyone worked on Peer review and also final touches on RAD and SDD.

## Discussion items

- Peer review
- Roadmap for finishing application

## Outcomes and assignments

#### Outcomes:

- Work some more on making the peer review more concise.

#### Assignments:

- Emil will work finishing Listing and fix some bugs
- Erik and Eimer will work on finalising Booking and make it work with controllers and the view.
- Sebastian will work on adding some quality of life changes to GUI such as logging out etc.
- Timothy will continue working on browsing listings and being able to view a specific listen.

## Wrap up

Next meeting on Thursday 14:00
