# Meeting Agenda

Group: 17E
\
Date: 23-09-2021
\
Chair: Timothy Nilsson
\
Participants: Eimer Ahlstedt Sebastian Kvaldén Emil Lindblad Timothy Nilsson Erik Larsson


## Objectives

- We need to improve and create more clear tasks to prevent people from being idle and unsure what to do. Divide tasks better amongst ourselves.
- Pull request and Travis how it all works in our project.


## Reports from previous meeting

- Sebastian is done with the implementing the user class, and writing tests and documentation for it.
- Emil finished the main premise of the ListingHandler and will now work on creating listings and creating respective views and controllers.
- Erik has finished the database class and it can now be used, listings and users can now be fetched from a JSON file using a json reader and writer. 
- Eimer last week finished a log in page where users can log in also did some checks for if a user enters incorrect details. 
- Timothy last week worked on creating a structure for controllers and views and also managed to import a price for a product and display it in the gui.


## Discussion items

- Travis and merging to master
- Sub-tasks and user stories
- JavaDocs

## Outcomes and assignments

#### Outcomes:

- Merges to master are not possible until Travis sucessfully builds the program and all test passes.
- Create more sub-tasks and user stories to get a more clear overview of everything
- Try and be better at writing JavaDocs at least simple when you finish a class or method

#### Assignments:
 - Erik will continue working on the database class and test it and also do some error handling especially some solution to the program not crashing when there is an empty JSON file.
 - Emil will work on the "creating listing page" and the respective views and controllers.
 - Sebastian will work on creating a "settings-page for the user" and the respective views and controllers.
 - Eimer will start looking at creating a user page so that users can sign up.
 - Timothy will look at a solution to display products from the database in javafx.
 - 
## Wrap up
Next meeting will take place on Sunday at 11:00 and it will be online.
